Operation of the Kunlun Temple Fire God of War Su
See the Lord God
Prophecy that you say he is the Lord of God
Oh, really?
Walking out of Villa No. 1 in Kyushu is of course the Lord of God
Yo, are you cold?
Hahaha, ouch, look at mom's mouth
After much trouble, I finally apologize to you.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Lin Tianjiao and I have long since divorced
What was Auntie's name just now?
He is your ex-husband Ye Longyuan
Yes, Yuyin, are you mistaken?
He is the young master of the Xiao family
My family contract
He can't be God
Ye Longyuan, you are so brave
Humph
Master Yu, you are at the gate of heaven
You have never seen the Lord God
God's identity is noble, in fact, I can see it
But the Lord God can never be a trash like your ex-husband
Good idea.
Ye Ruyue, you dog thing dare to pretend to be the Lord of Gods
What kind of Geishiying is the Lord God?
How could it be a waste like him who eats soft rice?
You dare to trespass on God's main lock
Get out of here!